Basically, the Indian formal school education structure of the child consists of primary, middle, secondary and senior secondary levels. In the early amount, a child is admitted to schools at of six – seven years directly to class first. It is    believed at that age, a child is prepared to take the burden of education and cope up with the situation of education.                             
The schools are following an equivalent pattern until the idea of nursery education came into existence. As per this method, one has study for 3 years before he reaches the primary level or you will say class I. Not all schools across the country have enforced an equivalent in their respective schools. But Ramagya School has started the <a href="http://www.ramagyaschool.com/extended-day-care/">Day care school in noida</a>.
Nursery education is currently wide spread across the country. Nearly all the parents have absolutely in favor of nursery education for their child. Now, after nursery education, the idea of play schools is recently introduces in the country few years back. Since the advent of the idea, the preschool education isn't absolutely supported by the schools and the parents.
The list of play schools isn't terribly massive as compared to the vast education system of the country. Not all parents are in the support of the preschool education as they feel that what a child would learn at the tender age of 1-2 years. From play group to nursery level and then to primary level, a child has to study many years to reach class I.
There are many people in the society who are in the favor of schools and thought of the play schools as building block of the child strong educational background. These parents search are in search of play school list so they can choose the <a href="http://www.ramagyaschool.com/">best school in noida</a>. Ramagayab School is one of the best place in noida with best day care school. Those parents who are within the favor of these schools feel that their child can receive the formal education a little before alternative kids. 
They additionally feel that if their children are going to affix the preparatory schools, then he can prior to other children in his future additionally as he has to face the current competitive world ahead. The parents are so keen to get their child admitted in play group that they fill play school admission kind of many schools, simply to confirm their child admission in play school.
